ToDos.md, before:

# Development Tasks

adding songs that student wants

## BUGS:

 - TODO: Can't delete the song from lesson
 

## Most Important

- TODO: QUIZES for chords diagrams!
- TODO: ✅ Adding lesssons only for teachers - this is important securtity bug right now!!!

- TODO: TASKS for students!!! IMP

- TODO: Song Table filtration through students
- TODO: Lesson Table filtration through students
- TODO: CSS responsive styles for phones

- TODO: Updating the database songs

- TODO: Improve UX for adding lessons
- TODO: Google Drive API integration
- TODO: Adding lessons recursively

- TODO: LLM Stuffs

## Authentication & User Management

- TODO: Getting list of all users, and adding to favourite songs to other users
- TODO: Fixing updating profile + avatar profile
- TODO: Adding gmail account for access to google drive

## Core Features

- TODO: Adding songs to favourite for user
- TODO: Adding Calendar to see the past and futures lessons
- TODO: ✅ Creating Lesson object for Users
- TODO: RLS Policy on songs table, users can get only songs from the lessons
- TODO: Adding Spotify API for songs

## Testing & Quality Assurance

- TODO: Adding tests

## UI/UX

- TODO: Responsive styles
- TODO: Improve the UI of song page, and edit form for song
- TODO: Add toasts for user actions/experiences

## DevOps & Infrastructure

- TODO: Contenerize app in Docker

##

- TODO: Add filtration for students
- TODO: Add delete button for songs

## AI & Learning Features

- TODO: Adding LLM with Vercel.AI
- TODO: Adding LLM to generate basic music theory questions, answers, explanations, exercises, tests, quizzes, flashcards
- TODO: Create interactive chords, scales, rhythms, melodies, harmonies, compositions, improvisations, ear training sections

## Future Feature Suggestions

### Learning Enhancement

- TODO: Implement real-time pitch detection for vocal/instrument practice
- TODO: Add gamification elements (achievements, progress badges, streaks)
- TODO: Create practice tracking with statistics and insights
- TODO: Add video lesson recording/playback features
- TODO: Implement smart practice recommendations based on user progress

### Integration & Tools

- TODO: Implement metronome and tuner tools
- TODO: Add support for MIDI keyboard input

### AI-Powered Features

- TODO: Add personalized practice routine generator
- TODO: Create AI teaching assistant for immediate feedback
- TODO: Implement automated accompaniment generation

## Backlog

// Add future tasks here

Commit message:

FEAT: Update ToDos with new bugs and enhancements, add testing section to dashboard, and remove unused imports in various components

ToDos.md, after:

# Development Tasks

adding songs that student wants

## BUGS:

 - TODO: Can't delete the song from lesson
 - TODO: Dashboard doesnt show active Link inside the child site
 - TODO: Lessons shows number form students, but not for teacher


## Most Important

- TODO: Responsive Tables for mobile!!!
- TODO: QUIZES for chords diagrams!
- TODO: ✅ Adding lesssons only for teachers - this is important securtity bug right now!!!

- TODO: TASKS for students!!! IMP

- TODO: Song Table filtration through students
- TODO: Lesson Table filtration through students
- TODO: CSS responsive styles for phones

- TODO: Updating the database songs

- TODO: Improve UX for adding lessons
- TODO: Google Drive API integration
- TODO: Adding lessons recursively

- TODO: LLM Stuffs

## Authentication & User Management

- TODO: Getting list of all users, and adding to favourite songs to other users
- TODO: Fixing updating profile + avatar profile
- TODO: Adding gmail account for access to google drive

## Core Features

- TODO: Adding songs to favourite for user
- TODO: Adding Calendar to see the past and futures lessons
- TODO: ✅ Creating Lesson object for Users
- TODO: RLS Policy on songs table, users can get only songs from the lessons
- TODO: Adding Spotify API for songs

## Testing & Quality Assurance

- TODO: Adding tests

## UI/UX

- TODO: Responsive styles
- TODO: Improve the UI of song page, and edit form for song
- TODO: Add toasts for user actions/experiences

## DevOps & Infrastructure

- TODO: Contenerize app in Docker

##

- TODO: Add filtration for students
- TODO: Add delete button for songs

## AI & Learning Features

- TODO: Adding LLM with Vercel.AI
- TODO: Adding LLM to generate basic music theory questions, answers, explanations, exercises, tests, quizzes, flashcards
- TODO: Create interactive chords, scales, rhythms, melodies, harmonies, compositions, improvisations, ear training sections

## Future Feature Suggestions

### Learning Enhancement

- TODO: Implement real-time pitch detection for vocal/instrument practice
- TODO: Add gamification elements (achievements, progress badges, streaks)
- TODO: Create practice tracking with statistics and insights
- TODO: Add video lesson recording/playback features
- TODO: Implement smart practice recommendations based on user progress

### Integration & Tools

- TODO: Implement metronome and tuner tools
- TODO: Add support for MIDI keyboard input

### AI-Powered Features

- TODO: Add personalized practice routine generator
- TODO: Create AI teaching assistant for immediate feedback
- TODO: Implement automated accompaniment generation

## Backlog

// Add future tasks here
